- Everything remains exactly the same, turns out that TailwindCSS does not create any new CSS it just packages the existing CSS in a neatly written file.
- Every class of TailwindCSS just one job for example:

  - bg-red-500
    - background-color: #f43f5e;
  - text-red-500
    - color: #f43f5e;
  - border-red-500
    - border-color: #f43f5e;

- The classes are generated by the TailwindCSS compiler.
- This avoids us the headache of targeting the HTML elements. All we have to do is assign the right class to the HTML element in the HTML file.
- The community loves this because you literally do not have to leave the HTML file.
- The TailwindCSS compiler is a tool that takes the TailwindCSS classes and generates the CSS code.
- The classes are called "utilities".
- So you see thre is nothing magical about TailwindCSS, its just the software that is automatically generating the CSS code for us.
- Once your project is compiled, you do not even need all those node modules you can just use the compiled CSS and HTML file.
- One more reason why people love TailwindCSS so much is that once you have made a component say button you can just take that HTML along with the classes that you have used and use it in another project by just copying and pasting the HTML and use TailwindCSS to style it. Then the button will be exactly the same as the one you made in the previous project.
  - Hence people do not have to worry about the CSS files, no overwriting, no time wasted on from where the CSS is coming from, no selector headache, no cascading rules etc.
- Also note that the TailwindCSS compiler only make the CSS code for the classes that you use in the HTML file and not for the classes that you have not used. Hence your CSS file will not be bloated.
- You can also use the TailwindCSS using the CDN link or by installing it using npm.
- Responsive design: TailwindCSS is designed for mobile first approach.
- Mobile first approach means that whatever you are writing is for mobile if you want to make it for desktop you just have to add the classes for the desktop.
